[Privact Policy - Short Summary]
Last Update: Sep. 18. 2020

1. What information uniQon collects and why
uniQon collects information about your school, background and academics for the purpose of creating your profile for potential mentees to see. You have the initial choice between submitting a short profile or the full version. The short version includes name, a document proving your enrolment / graduation from your school, (intended) major, background, academics (GPA and SAT1 scores), and the first 150 characters of your Common App essay, while the full version asks for your full name, enrolment status, college/university, date of graduation (if applicable), (intended) major, background, SAT & IB scores, Honors and Activities, and essays. If you choose to submit the short version upon joining us, you may be asked to submit the full version of your profile when a mentee asks to unlock your profile. Other than information about you, we may also collect information about transactions that happen based on mentees’ unlocks of your profile. We may leave a record of your information up to a certain period (maximum three years) in order to keep track of our records and to prevent possible claims.

2. What information uniQon doesn’t collect
We don’t keep credit card numbers or bank account numbers. We also don’t ask for sensitive information other than those required in the forms.

3. How we share the information we collect
We share part of your profile on our page so that mentees may see it and request unlocks of your full profile. We do not disclose your information to third parties without your express agreement, except when obligated to do so by Korean law or requests from investigative agencies, or when we send data to subcontractors for the purpose of research, in a form that makes distinguishing the owner of the information impossible. We are still obligated to inform you of where your information is used even in the case of these exceptions, but might not be able to do so if policies or laws forbid it.

4. How you can access and control the information we collect
We provide ways for you to access, alter, or delete your profile information. You can also contact Support for more help at privacy@uniqon.kr.
